today the fast-food at Jack gives hat
let's talk about that good morning jack
in the box has been pleasing taste buds
since 1951 but in the last 70 plus years
do you think any of those customers ever
had the idea of driving to a
jack-in-the-box buying a bunch of their
food didn't drive into nine more fast
food places buying a bunch of their food
and then swapping the ingredients on all
of them
just to see what it would taste like
well we did it's time for fast food
Frankenstein jack-in-the-box we're gonna
taste menu items from jack-in-the-box
that have had one or more ingredients
swapped out and another fast food chains
ingredients Frankenstein - yeah
Frankenstein that's what we call it
that's the verb yes and if we can
identify well actually it's a noun but
we took Frankie birth because we could
do anything we're gonna have to identify
which ingredient is different and if we
do that we get a point and we also can
name the restaurant we get another point
and then we're gonna taste the og
jack-in-the-box recipe and compare the
two the winner gets one of a kind
Franken buns Rhett that is a butt
cushion made from a bunch of warm
hamburger buns I could use some of that
yeah all right Stevie tell us what we've
got here you're both in for a car Bo
loaded hearty breakfast because first up
is the supreme croissant in this round
only one item has been swapped out just
one item and the mystery ingredients in
all of the rounds could come from a
whole slew of fast-food restaurants
Carl's jr. Wendy's Arby's Shake Shack
burger king Dunkin subway Popeyes or in
and out
and each restaurants aren't gonna be
used once so I don't we're gonna taste
this thing I don't jack-in-the-box very
often dank it you know I don't mean
either
it's and sink it so I feel like I don't
have a lot to go on now I know that
Burger King also has a croissant well
you you deconstruct me that doesn't seem
fair well how else you supposed to
figure it out the other thing I know
about jack-in-the-box is that they take
their eggs in the back look at that ham
that's something ham hmm that that bacon
is hurting hmm does jack-in-the-boxes
bacon hurt that much
all right I have an answer
hmm I also have an answer you ready oh I
don't even know I don't even know how I
feel about this but I'm gonna give you a
three to one all right I'm ready I know
what's been swapped out to one it's
Burger King but it's bacon
oh you think subway bacon do you think
subway got that crappy baked I think so
it's too smoky
this Frankenstein supreme croissant
contains another fast-food chains
croissant and that buttery flaky boy
comes from the king himself trust your
instincts hold on you're so here's the
the real one woman I was baiting you to
the right answer I was also pointing
back here as if you could see me
pointing and what you needed to do so
everything so if you look at the
difference in the croissants this is the
jack-in-the-box croissant and this is
the Burger King croissant they're pretty
similar actually the jack-in-the-box
croissant is even buddy arena rare and
what aunt and flakier mm-hmm that's a
flaky croissant Wow before you you have
the spicy sriracha burger oh they have
that and two of the ingredients have
been swapped out all right so this sour
dough bond situation what is it what is
this what y'all what y'all tryin to do
who y'all tryin to be hmm hmm I'm not
gonna remove the that can be it can even
be the sauce the jalapeno
huh that's definitely sriracha sauce
though I don't think it's the sauce is
there another place that has bacon
jalapenos or you would be a tough thing
- sriracha sauce this bacon is hurtin
I'm getting something is this a
sourdough did you say that
I didn't say anything about sourdough
okay I'm trying to taste that burger I
have answers hmm was it tasty sandwich
okay so remember two ingredients that
means two magnets
grab your magnets all right I'm ready
these be I'm ready three do one all
right so I'm not looking that's Carl's
jr. and then the bacon his subway so we
agreed see the bacon was different than
the last round and we know the bacon was
Jack in a box in the last I just want
something to be subway bacon but yeah
that Bacon's not it's your deal like
it's it's supposed to be part of it I
know Carl's has got a frisco this
frankenstein spicy sriracha burger
contains another fast-food chains
jalapenos and another fast-food chains
creamy sriracha sauce dang it I told on
in these choices guys all right
replacing two things that are the same
everywhere and the creamy sriracha sauce
was from Wendy that that's just bringing
over that was a cowardly swap guys I'm
just being honest jalapenos and sriracha
are the same everywhere I was thinking
about jalapenos from Subway ever since
Gus made that video I know this bacon is
different than the last bacon we had
apparently Flemish bacon lunch Bacon's
different see look at these jalapenos
you know what they're both jalapenos but
the sriracha is a different color I will
admit it yeah the sriracha sauce is
different I prefer the Windy sriracha
sauce who would have thunk I'm just
angry
quick reminder there's a big selection
of mythical merch on our Amazon store
yeah you can go over there get it all
with prime shipping head over to
amazon.com slash mythical give it a
whirl yeah what's this girl I know
you've been waiting for this
it's the deluxe fish sandwich Oh fish
sandwich and this is heavy it's heavy
and it has three ingredients that have
been swapped out three ingredients well
the tomatoes I'm gonna just gonna I'm
gonna inspect them more closely
I'll putting them there hmm hmm do you
like that Rhett huh that's a lot of fish
stack who else has fish McDonald's is
not even an option cuz I know they got
fish
I don't think Shake Shack has fish dick
Dunkin Donuts has fish no those are bees
have fish are bees probably has fish are
bees has the meats is fish meat that is
a sweet tartar sauce okay I tell you
three ingredients I got no clue yeah
okay um okay I just have to come up with
a third one you gotta believe in
yourself when you have an idea you gotta
lean into it
hey are you talking to myself is he
listening no all right I'm getting I'm
grabbing my I'm ready to go cuz this
really makes sense
man right there yeah you can do this
ah I don't feel great all right I got to
make a comeback guys I'm trying hard to
do that and I'm ready your magnets in
three two one and up bond shake shake
and are bees-cheese Oh was it in and out
tomatoes and Carl's jr. fish I forgot
about the tomatoes I wonder why this
Frankenstein deluxe fish sandwich
contains another fast-food chains
tartar sauce really from where cheese oh
I got that sorry your point lettuce oh
that cancels out unless even if we're
right about daddy cancels out the
lettuce is from in and out oh gosh that
means I didn't get the cheese is from
Duncan Duncan she's the tartar sauce is
from Arby's okay so I did get one so I
ain't got a point let's taste the
original all right there don't you want
to yeah yeah you got a double fish now
okay
what'd you guys miss an opportunity to
switch the fish so hey when given an
opportunity to switch the fish switch to
the fish I'm interested in the tartar
sauce difference well this is this
tartar sauce is pick Lear what was this
what that way
Arby's Arby's got a pink layer tartar
sauce how does the M on my word how does
the fish compared to the McDonald's
filet-o-fish um it's uh pretty crispy
Earth's pretty comparable actually I
think it's supposed to be better I think
this is definitely cod I couldn't tell
you
last up is the buns bonus round in this
round you'll be identifying which beef
blankie doesn't belong at the box a lot
of these if you can identify which type
of bun in a lineup of buns doesn't come
from Jack in the Box you get three
points if you can guess where that bun
comes from you win the entire game
what now this this buns got a butt crack
that's a fancy bud I don't go to the
jack-in-the-box enough I didn't know
they had gotten so fast is that
perforation so you can like cut a
sandwich in half if you're gonna cut it
you need to know where to cut and then
now we've had sourdough already today or
whatever they're calling this yeah that
one's kind of old
like you said Carl's jr. does do that
mm-hmm now you got yourself a light
biscuit they do biscuits they're what my
mom was in town I went through the
jacket box to drive through every
morning and got her the same thing you
just said Jack and bucks you left out
the I don't got time for the sausage
biscuit no egg and if you if you order a
sausage and egg biscuit with no egg they
charge you a lot more money than if you
order a plain biscuit with sausage they
told me that because they were nice
after the third day that I ordered the
exact same thing they're so nice there's
something I sell they're just happy to
not all have to wear that Jack in the
Box mascot mask did we hear that we knew
somebody who knows a guy who was inside
the jack-in-the-box or was that the guy
inside the Burger King do you know the
jack in the box guy yeah we knew a
Burton guy knew it a guy that knew the
Burger King guy I'll tell you we know
all the Matt we know all the masks we
know all the people who know all the
mascots and it doesn't matter I will
tell you that a croissant there's a good
piece of bread and and it even with age
because let's be real all of these are
aged I love aged croissants this one is
still good you know it's mushed did
Lucas sit on all
yeah and then fart on that one because I
had to spit that out now what is this
this is the fanciest bun this is some
Panera bull crap this is like a
collection of other buns that you just
pull off in pieces like a dark chocolate
bar very fancy now it comes time to
decide Rhett don't you be like you would
know this if you knew where it came from
it's some of this from McDonald's it's
something from Popeyes Oh could it be
the KFC I have a guess but don't look
over here as I grab my my thing
you're not looking right you're not
looking I've gotta guess I can see I've
narrowed it down to these three and I'm
trying to figure out okay alright I'm
ready okay you're gonna stab the bun
that does not belong in three two one
all right so if we're wrong do you want
to go with a second guess that's not how
the game is going huh well I'm losing so
something needs to happen a second yeah
I mean I'm so fine I'm so confident in
this thing I know that's hey listen if
this is a butter jar if we're both right
we can share the bun seat together for
all eternity
okay is this your final final final yeah
I'm not changing my answer because I
know it's right
the franken item is the biscuit and it's
from McDonald I could've did that and
why are you so you were thinking that
the biscuit could be from McDonald's yes
well yeah yeah that was the only thing I
had to go on this is a hard game y'all
but the thing we learned is that some
about croissants earlier but you know
what it turns out that because we
weren't right that show us show the
people let me sit on it and then I'll
show you what it looks like that rested
on it
it's really got some give I I like that
I mean thanks for subscribing and
clicking that bell you know what time it
is and we're trying to vote jingles for
the first time it's time to spin the
wheel of mythicality
I would love to trade places with you be
that age and have Bojangles for the
first time oh yeah click the top link to
watch us guess the KC fast-food crime a
good movie and find out where the wheels
gonna land get these T's ship prime by
heading over to amazon.com slash
mythical